Add link to the mattermost server to the README ##docs (#245)
rizinorg/rizin: README.md

> IRC: irc.freenode.net #rizin
> 
> The platform we use for development and general discussion is a Mattermost
> server hosted at [im.rizin.re](https://im.rizin.re).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join our [Mattermost](https://im.rizin.re) community to discuss Rizin, its development, and general topics related to the project.

We also provide the following bridges to other messaging platforms:
- [Telegram](https://t.me/rizinorg)
- IRC: irc.freenode.net 
  - Community - [#rizin](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#rizin)
  - Developers - [#rizindev](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#rizindev)

```
